We've talked a lot about options for using Redis and
using a data store as a source of Kafka messages.
Let's draw this so we can see in detail how this would work in our configuration.
I'm using a tool called draw.io,
even though the URL says something different.
The way you get to it is just go to your browser and type draw.io,
and it will bring you to this URL.
That's the tool we'll be using.
You're welcome to follow along.
The first emblem that I have here,
the first shape is just a cylinder.
I just pulled the cylinder over,
and then I took and use the rotating option to rotate that,
and that turn sideways,
and then you can stretch it like this,
and make it like that,
and then you've got a topic.
That's how we make the symbol that we use for
topics in this diagram in case you're wondering where I got it from.
Let's draw a few things.
We have an application that we're representing,
and we have spark.
I'm going to make this a little bigger,
and then we'll copy that.
Then I'm going to put spark over here.
So what we're saying is,
you've got an application that's supported by developers,
and there's a lot of stuff going on with that
because it's probably one of the things that makes your company money,
so there are a lot of initiatives going on.
That can often mean getting a new data pipeline going is not the highest priority.
Well, we have an advantage.
Because this application already writes to Redis and
because there's a Redis source connector available for Kafka,
we can do something pretty interesting.
We can put that connector in place,
so we'll do that,
and what happens then is the data that's already being written to Redis,
now becomes available in a topic.
You can figure what you want that to be called.
In our case, we made it super easy to remember,
and we called ours Redis-server.
All the rights that happen to Redis will go to the same topic,
so even if there's multiple different collections in Redis,
they're all going to end up in the same topic.
That's one downside, but the advantage is there is literally
no coding needed within this application to deliver this value.
You can have a different work stream
going on getting this data available to be processed.
It might be a completely different team than the team that works on the main application.
It might be someone like you.
Now, we've got that data available in a Redis server topic.
We can now ingest the data as a source in our spark streaming application.